c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\bin\Debug\Order Management.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\bin\Debug\Order Management.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\bin\Debug\Order Management.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\obj\Debug\Order Management.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\obj\Debug\Order_Management.Form1.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\obj\Debug\Order_Management.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\obj\Debug\Order Management.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\obj\Debug\Order Management.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\obj\Debug\Order Management.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\obj\Debug\Order_Management.UCCreate.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\obj\Debug\Order_Management.UCCustomers.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\obj\Debug\Order_Management.UCOrders.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\obj\Debug\Order_Management.UCHome.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\bin\Debug\SendGrid.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\bin\Debug\SendGrid.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Order Management\Order Management\bin\Debug\SendGrid.xml
